Landed on Enceladus, one of Saturn's moons. Beginning research on life...

Legend tells of an epic dance-out between a crayfish and the evil space cucumber. While no clear signs of life were found during the first week of Enceladus, I was nonetheless reminded of this story.

When we began our mission, we were expecting micro-organisms, at best. But today, a crew member claimed they saw a blue crayfish swimming by the window. We tried to follow it, but lost it's track.

Despite being surrounded by it earlier, we never realized that the flourescent light surrounding our submarine are in fact living organisms as well. This is an incredible discovery!

Some crew members jokingly started a dance floor in our cramped submarine. When asked to knock it off, they came back claiming the lights outside were like strobe lights. People these days...

A crew member came back to me solemnly last night. Asking what's wrong, they claimed that they didn't see where they were shooting, and accidentally killed a sea cucumber. I wasn't sure how to respond.

A month has passed. Despite a flurry of reports two weeks ago, the only documented discovery we have made are the flourescent organisms. While that is exciting on its own, the crew members insist there has to be more.

Crew members are getting antsy. Over a month went by with no new reports of life. One did, however, claim that they saw what looked like a cube formation. When asked for more details, they said, "oh no, said formation was much smaller and flatter than all the cube's we're surrounded by."

I couldn't believe it. Everyone was woken up by a sudden large music playing in the background. We all started blaming each other for a disruption, but one crew member looked outside and found an extraordinary sight. On a small box, a blue crayfish and a red sea cucumber were having what appeared to be a human-like ritual. The photos we took would amaze all the scientists back home!

Mission investigating Enceladus ends. Initiating sequence back to home planet, Mars...